Here you go.
Mommy, I miss 4 treasures
I can't eat anymore.
5 children
Lost one
I sent another meal away
This world
How could there be such a useless mother as me?
Four Treasures
How are you doing now?
Is it a pig?
It doesn't matter who you are
The important thing is that I owe you a favor
So I investigated a few things for you.
Your daughter is sick
To treat him
You gave him to a woman named Xia Lily
How do you know that?
You heard me
You must bring your daughter back immediately
You lost it five years ago
If you lose it again this time
You will regret it for the rest of your life
Lily, this is really not what it used to be
Compete with Xi Shao for the lamp
We really got the light of lilies
To actually have the opportunity to join hands with such a river god
The richest man eats at the same table
Can you speak?
Lily is about to become Mrs. Xi
Gotta change the title
Yeah, yeah, yeah, look at my mouth
I will punish myself with three cups to respect Mrs. Xi
Then again
Lily
You and Xia Zhu were good sisters in college
Are you getting married and not inviting him?
You really don't open the milk jug
Bet on half of college that year
I went to have a baby with a wild man
How can I have the face to come to the reunion?
Okay, okay.
Let's not talk about that.
I'm going to make a call
Handle some business
Okay
Today is my engagement party with Young Master Xi
You can order whatever you want to eat
Mrs. Xi is the atmosphere
Xia Lily, what about my four treasures?
I want to see the Four Treasures